---
title: Hello
---

Hello and welcome to my new website, this new blog, for my new game. That's a whole lot of 'new' so I think I should maybe do some introductions.

Chances are if you are on this website then it's because of some social media post I've made, and we likely follow each other and have likely had a blether or two. If not then all you really need to know is that my name is Callie (she/her), I'm a Scottish artist, 3d sculptor, and tabletop game designer. Thanks to the 3 people who've bought my stuff I get to say those things and I appreciate you so much.

## So what exactly is Witchlight?

Witchlight is my new project, in fact it's been on my mind for a while now but until recently I hadn't felt I was in the right place to start because this one is a little different. Witchlight is the bringing together of so many things I love and care about, things I obsess about and want to create.

At it's core Witchlight is a project to create a tabletop skirmish game that embraces individuality and expression. What makes this project so exciting for me is that it feels like the culmination of a lifetime of fascinations and interests - all of which I get to express in this game. World building, art, graphic design, writing, 3d modelling and printing, miniature painting, game design, terrain crafting, photographs, website design, programming, blogging...

I can't wait to share more about this game, I hope it will find a home among players who are seeking something a little different, and I can't wait to see what people make with it.

-Callie